[otlp] Remove Grpc.Core support for .NET Framework and .NET Standard 2.0 in OTLP exporter (#6229)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.OpenTelemetryProtocol/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * **Breaking Change (Behavioral)**: Removed the deprecated `Grpc.Core` transport
>   support for `.NET Framework (net462)` and `.NET Standard 2.0` in the OTLP
>   exporter. `OtlpExportProtocol.Grpc` is no longer supported when using the
>   default HTTP client factory on these platforms. Attempting to use this
>   combination will now result in a `NotSupportedException`.
>   ([#6229](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/6229))
> 
> * Changed default export protocol for `.NET Framework` and `.NET Standard 2.0`
>   to `OtlpExportProtocol.HttpProtobuf`. This aligns with supported and actively
>   maintained transport mechanisms.For `.NET Framework` or `.NET Standard 2.0`
>   users previously relying on `OtlpExportProtocol.Grpc`, update your
>   configuration:
>   ([#6229](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/6229))
> 
>   ```csharp
>   options.Protocol = OtlpExportProtocol.HttpProtobuf;
>   ```

Reviewer: You have documented the plan, impact and workaround very well on #6209. I think we should use that as the primary place for communicating this change. I suggest keeping the release notes short but loud enough in an attempt to catch people's attention and then direct them to the issue.

```suggestion
* **Breaking Change**: .NET Framework and .NET Standard builds now default to
  exporting over OTLP/HTTP instead of OTLP/gRPC. *This change could
  result in a failure to export telemetry unless appropriate measures are taken.*
  Additionally, if you explicitly configure the exporter to use OTLP/gRPC it
  may result in a `NotSupportedException` without further configuration. Please
  carefully review issue
  ([#6209](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/6209))
  for additional information and workarounds.
```
